the truck shot it is not a new stroke
drop-shot is nothing more than a bat can
or a forehand hit with a little less
power Oh lad fall on your racket a
little longer get the feeling that the
ball belongs to that racket hold on to
it don't give it away
no racket acceleration on contact
once you get this feeling open the face
strike me where you put a little reverse
spin on the ball that makes the ball hit
and almost come back to you the opponent
must rush forward and if they are able
to reach the ball
they are often off balance or out of
position setting the stage for your
attacking winner a passing shot or even
a lot once again the key is that
disguised is shot until you actually
make contact before that contact your
opponent cannot detect whether you will
hit a foreground stroke or this the most
underrated offensive shot in the game
remember the racket actually carries the
ball towards the net slowing down their
contact rather than accelerating and
that's called a drop shot with a low
reverse spin
we keep coming back to the mini tennis
game in your warm-up drills before
playing singles or doubles taking a
lesson or just practicing spend the
first 10 minutes playing mini tennis to
keep the ball between the service lines
you will have to apply the drop shot
techniques holding on to the ball with a
slightly open face to impart a little
reverse spin this is notably
different from the mini tennis where
rapid racket head acceleration is used
for the topspin and angle shots in
contrast in this mini tennis drill the
racket decelerate set content and even
open slightly to apply the reverse spin
expand your mini game hitting this drop
shot from all positions inside the
baseline area practice it you'll get a
brand new weapon in your attacking game
of tennis back in your opponent up
farther and farther is real important
but it's also important to mix it up why
not let them know what you're going to
do like hitting a drop shot every now
and then and if you notice here in the
replay exactly where in the court I was
when I hit that drop shot I wasn't
behind the baseline on the low
percentage shot I was inside the base I
need control the point
when you're playing somebody in your ear
you play an attacking game like like I
always choose to do and you're really
pushing them back and pushing them back
it seems like every time he takes a step
back the harder you have to hit it to
push him back another step and I
remember one match when I was playing I
kept pushing a player back and
eventually he'd run the ball down I
ended up losing the point I came off the
court and then Nick's enemy says you
know what when you're pushing something
that far back
he says throw in a drop shot who cares
if you miss it let the guy not know what
you're going to do therefore you bring
them in and your big powershot will be
all all the more effective the drop shot
you have got to make leave that you're
going to come up and hit the biggest
forehand of your life and then at the
last second open up the racket head just
slightly puts a little spin on the ball
hold that ball on that racket a little
longer that balls gonna go right over
the net